renamed forceentry forceexit (#6653)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/faq.md

### Is there a setting to only SELL the coins being held and not perform anymore BUYS?

> You can use the `/stopbuy` command in Telegram to prevent future buys, followed by `/force_exit all` (sell all open trades).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `/stopbuy` command in Telegram to prevent future buys, followed by `/forceexit all` (sell all open trades).
```
